Document deprecation policy (#5101)
edgedb/edgedb: docs/changelog/deprecation.rst

.. _ref_changelog_deprecation:

==================
Deprecation Policy
==================

* We continue to support one previous version of EdgeDB with critical bug fixes

>   only.

Reviewer: Drop "only"

> * Client bindings support the current and previous versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Client bindings will support the current and the previous version.
```
